Syrus: OH! WE OVERSLEPT!
Chumley: WHICH MEANS WE
MISSED...BREAKFAST!
PHEW--THERE'S SOME LEFT!
ALRIGHT!
LET'S DIG IN!
SOMEONE'S CLEARED
OFF OUR TRAYS!
WHAT KIND OF SELFISH
SLIME WOULD DO THAT?!
[GRRR]
YOU SNOOZE, YOU LOSE.
THAT'S IT!
GIVE US BACK
OUR FOOD OR I'M
TELLING!
I WOULD GIVE IT BACK,
ONLY I ATE IT ALL!
AND IT WAS GOO-OOD!
PROFESSOR...
BANNER!
CHAZZ IS BEIN'
CHAZZ AGAIN!
HUH?
DON'T TELL ME BANNER'S
STILL M.I.A...
THIS IS
GETTING SERIOUS.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[JADEN SIGHS]
IT'LL BE OKAY, JADEN.
YEAH, TOTALLY.
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
HAS A WHOLE CREW
'A PEOPLE LOOKING
FOR PROFESSOR
BANNER--THEY'LL
FIND HIM.
IT'S JUST
A MATTER OF TIME.
I HOPE.
Chumley: ON
THE BRIGHT SIDE,
AT LEAST WE GET
A BREAK FROM CLASS.
HUH?
GOOD MORNING
STUDENTS--GUESS WHAT?
DUE TO PROFESSOR BANNER'S
ABSENCE, I WILL BE YOUR
SUBSTITUTE TEACHER FOR
THE DAY--AREN'T YOU LUCKY!
BECAUSE I'M CERTAINLY NOT.
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO
BE MY DAY OFF.
LET'S SEE HERE...THE MARK
OF AMNAEL...YES, IT LOOKS
LIKE...THAT'S WHERE
PROFESSOR BANNER LEFT OFF.
MORE DUEL ALCHEMY
NONSENSE, I'M SURE.
HM, WELL, ACCORDING TO THESE
TOMES...THE BASICS OF THIS
ARE...HM, NOR THAT...WELL,
THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY
SENSE...I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW TO PRONOUNCE THAT WORD...
HMM.
WHAT GIBBERISH!
THIS MAKES NO SENSE!
AND HE'S TEACHING YOU IT?!
PERHAPS IT'S A GOOD THING
HE'S MISSING!
AFTER ALL, HE'S POLLUTING
YOUR YOUNG MINDS
WITH TWADDLE!
IT'S GRADE A ACADEMIC TRIPE!
PURE RUBBISH!
USELESS PRATTLE!
OH, BOY.
HE HATES THIS STUFF.
NO, IT'S NOT THAT, JAY.
I THINK MORE...
HE JUST DOESN'T GET
ANY OF IT HIMSELF.
ALRIGHT.
IT'S TIME FOR SOME LAB WORK.
ACCORDING TO THE SYLLABUS.
NOW LET'S SEE HERE...
I THINK THIS IS RIGHT...
OH!
[COUGHING]
AH!!!
HOT! HOT! HOT!
WHAT GOBBLEDYGOOK
DUEL ALCHEMY IS!
WHAT PURE DRIVEL!
BOY...I SURE WISH
PROFESSOR BANNER WOULD
SHOW UP SOON.
OF COURSE, BANNER USUALLY
BLEW HIMSELF UP, TOO.
TRUE.
HEADS UP, GUYS.
HUH?
WHAT'S UP, CHUM?
Crowler: MISTER
SLIFER SLACKER!
UH, YES, SIR?
CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
WOULD LIKE A WORD!
ME?
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THE REST OF THE GANG.
REPORT TO HIM AT ONCE!
Jaden: WHAT DO YOU MEAN
HE'S STILL LOST?
PROFESSOR BANNER COULDN'T HAVE
JUST VANISHED INTO THIN AIR!
COULD HE?
WHO KNOWS.
THE BOTTOM LINE IS WE'VE
LOOKED EVERYWHERE
AND CAN'T FIND HIM.
AND THERE'S NO LOG OF
HIM LEAVING THE ISLAND.
SO THEN I THINK WE ALL
KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
BANNER GOT SUCKED
INTO THE SHADOWS!
DON'T SAY THAT!
NO...IF HE LOST
A SHADOW GAME.
A SPIRIT GATE
WOULD HAVE OPENED.
AND THERE'S BEEN
NO NEW ACTIVITY.
BUT STILL.
I HAVE A FEELING
THAT THE SHADOW RIDERS
HAVE SOMETHING TO DO
WITH ALL OF THIS!
BUT WHAT.
THAT'S WHAT WE GOTTA FIND OUT.
Chumley: SO HOW DO WE FIND OUT
WHAT'S UP IF WE CAN'T EVEN
FIND BANNER?
OR ANOTHER BREAKFAST.
YOU KNOW CHUMLEY'S
GOT A POINT.
AFTER ALL, CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
TURNED ALL OF DUEL ACADEMY
INSIDE OUT!
I MEAN,
I'D LIKE TO HELP.
BUT WHAT CAN THE THREE OF US
DO THAT HASN'T ALREADY BEEN
DONE, YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
LET'S JUST FOCUS ON
FINDING SOME CHOW.
LOOK GUYS.
I KNOW...IT SEEMS
HOPELESS RIGHT NOW BUT WE
CAN'T GIVE UP!
WE OWE IT TO BANNER
TO KEEP LOOKING.
HE'D DO THE SAME
THING FOR US.
RIGHT?
Chazz:
RIGHT!
BEAT IT, CHAZZ!
CHILL.
I'M NOT HERE
TO CAUSE TROUBLE,
I'M HERE...TO
SAVE THE DAY.
TO FIND PROFESSOR BANNER!
WELL, SAY THANK YOU!
Chazz: ALRIGHT.
WHEN SEARCHING FOR A MISSING
PERSON, THE FIRST THING YOU
HAVE TO DO IS GO TO
THE SCENE OF THE CRIME.
Syrus: BUT WE DON'T
KNOW WHERE THAT IS.
ISN'T THAT THE PROBLEM?
HUH?
ISN'T IT?
LISTEN!
IT'S A FIGURE OF SPEECH!
NOW COME ON.
WE JUST HAVE TO RETRACE
BANNER'S STEPS...
WE DON'T
KNOW HIS STEPS...
I KNOW...BUT LET'S
JUST HUMOR HIM.
Syrus: CAN I JUST LAUGH
AT HIM INSTEAD?
Chazz: QUIET--THE CHAZZ
IS ON THE JOB!
WELL, GUYS...
THERE'RE NO CLUES HERE.
YEAH...NOTHIN' HERE, EITHER--
YA'D THINK HE'D LEAVE A NOTE
OR SOMETHIN'!
HE DID! LOOK!
IT'S PROFESSOR
BANNER'S HANDWRITING.
CUZ IT'S NOT VERY
CLEAR...SOMETHING TREE?
MUST BE CODE.
HUH?
HERE.
OF COURSE.
I SEE.
YOU SEE WHAT,
CHAZZ?
THE CLUE.
OH. GREAT!
YOU SEE, JADEN.
TREE MUST HAVE A
SECRET MEANING.
Syrus: REALLY?
OH, COME ON, IT'S
PLAIN AS DAY!
AT LEAST...FOR A
GENIUS SUCH AS I.
Chumley: OKAY, OKAY,
SO WHAT'S IT MEAN?
Syrus: YEAH,
TELL US ALREADY!
WHAT IT MEANS...IS
BANNER TOOK ON THE SEVENTH
SHADOW RIDER!
ARE YOU SERIOUS?!
OF COURSE I AM!
AND THERE'S MORE TOO!
I KNOW WHO THE
RIDER IS, AS WELL!
OH MAN,
I AM JUST TOO GOOD.
YEAH.
YOU'RE GREAT.
SO THEN WHO IS IT ALREADY?!
WHO, INDEED.
THE NOTE WAS
BY THE PHONE.
WHICH MEANS
THAT HE WROTE IT
WHILE TALKING TO SOMEONE...
SOMEONE WHOSE...NAME
SOUNDS LIKE TREE!
NOW THEN...WHO DO WE KNOW
WHOSE NAME SOUNDS LIKE THAT.
A HINT?
SHE WORKS IN THE CAFETERIA.
YOU MEAN...?
THAT'S RIGHT!
DOROTHY!
IT RHYMES WITH TREE!
SHE'S A SHADOW RIDER!
SHE'S THE ONE THAT'S TAKEN
OUT PROFESSOR BANNER!
OH!
AW, MAN...
IT'S DOROTHY?!
SHE'S THE ONE?
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND I'M GONNA CALL HER
ON IT RIGHT NOW!
WHAT?
SHADOW RIDER?
HOW DO YOU RIDE A SHADOW?
IS THIS A CRANK CALL?
I'LL STAR SIXTY-NINE YOU!
HELLO--ARE YOU THERE?
OKAY, SO MAYBE...I WAS
JUST A LITTLE OFF.
All: JUST A LITTLE OFF?!
Chazz: LET'S KEEP DIGGING.
THIS A CLUE?
UH-UH. GUESS AGAIN.
HOW 'BOUT THIS?
ANYTHING?
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDING.
COME ON, YOU GUYS HAVE
TO LOOK HARDER!
Chumley: SOME
BREAKFAST CRUMBS?
TRY AGAIN!
Syrus: I FOUND
A BALL OF LINT!
YEAH RIGHT!
Jaden: TOENAIL CLIPPINGS?
UGH! GAG ME!
COME ON!
LOOK HARDER!
CHECK THIS OUT...
OF COURSE--IT'S OBVIOUS!
THIS EXPLAINS IT ALL!
WHAT? DO YOU
SEE ANOTHER TREE?
NO, THIS!
CHECK IT OUT!?
IT'S THE MARK OF AMNAEL!
THE ONE WE LEARNED
IN CLASS!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
SEE, NOW THIS IS A CLUE!
I MEAN,
AFTER ALL...BANNER?
HE'S SO INTO ALL OF
THAT ALCHEMY JUNK!
THIS MUST BE WHERE HE IS!
YEAH, AND IT'S IN
A FOREST, TOO!
ONE WITH TREES.
YA THINK MAYBE
THAT'S WHAT
THE NOTE MEANT?
SHUT IT!
Jaden: ALRIGHT!
LET THE RESCUE EXPEDITION
FOR PROFESSOR BANNER BEGIN!
FOLLOW ME, GUYS!
FOLLOW YOU?!
YEAH RIGHT,
I'M THE ONE
WHO FIGURED THIS
WHOLE THING OUT
SO YOU GUYS
CAN FOLLOW ME!
IF YOU CAN KEEP
UP, THAT IS!
Syrus: SO, UH, CHAZZ?
OTHER THAN FOLLOWING YOU.
WHAT'S THE PLAN HERE?
Chumley: YEAH.
HOW DO WE FIND BANNER ONCE
WE GET TO THE ALCHEMY MARK?
EASY.
WE FIND...HIS CAT, PHARAOH.
AND WITH THIS!
CHAZZ, HAVEN'T YOU
TRIED THIS BEFORE?
OOH, OOH!
I HAVE AN IDEA!
DO YOU?
WELL, WHAT IS
IT THEN?
WELL, CHAZZ.
SINCE CALLING OUT FOR PHARAOH
HASN'T WORKED...LET'S GO
A DIFFERENT ROUTE!
AND WHAT ROUTE
IS THAT?
HERE, I'LL SHOW YOU!
THERE! PERFECT!
NOW PHARAOH WILL
THINK YOU'RE A CAT!
OF COURSE...YOU'LL HAVE TO
DEVELOP...A CONVINCING MEOW.
TRY ONE.
HOW ABOUT I SHOW YOU
MY CLAWS INSTEAD!
YOU BETTER RUN!
MEOW, MEOW!
ATTICUS?!
NO...HE'S GONE!
ALRIGHT.
WHO'S THERE?!
WHERE'S MY BROTHER?!
SO LET ME GUESS...
YOU'RE A SHADOW RIDER.
WELL LET'S GO.
BECAUSE I KNOW
YOU HAVE ATTICUS!
AND I'M NOT LEAVING
HERE WITHOUT HIM.
NOW LET'S DUEL!
HERE I COME, RIDER!
FIRST!
I'LL PLAY THE SPELL...
POLYMERIZATION
AND FUSE ETOILE
CYBER WITH BLADE SKATER
TO CREATE CYBER BLADER!
YOU PICKED THE WRONG
KEY-KEEPER TO MESS WITH!
CYBER BLADER ATTACK!
A TRAP CARD?
BLADER'S ATTACK
DIDN'T GO THROUGH.
NOT GOOD.
BANNER? YOU AROUND?
PROFESSOR?! HELLO?!
AAH!
HUH?
JADEN!! SNAKE!
WE SAW A SNAKE!
SO WHOOP-DE-DOO!
WE ARE IN A FOREST,
YOU GUYS. YOU KNOW?
NATURE.
BUT THIS WASN'T
VERY NATURAL!
Chumley: MOMMY!
OH NO...MY CYBER
BLADER'S GONE!
WHICH MEANS...I'M
WIDE OPEN TO ATTACK!
AAH!
Syrus: THIS AREA OF THE
FOREST SURE IS WEIRD.
Jaden: YEAH,
FLYING SNAKES?
WE'LL FIND BANNER SOON.
I'M SURE!
I HOPE.
BECAUSE I REALLY
MISS HIM, YOU KNOW?
ALL THE LITTLE THINGS HE DID.
YOU MEAN IT?!
PLEASE, JADEN, WHAT'S
MINE...IS YOURS.
ESPECIALLY WHEN WHAT'S MINE IS
PORK FRIED RICE WITH A CHILI
SAUCE--YOUR FAVORITE!
NOW THAT'S A FRIEND.
DONTCHA THINK?
COURSE HE WAS
ALLERGIC TO CHILI SAUCE.
HE WAS?
BUT, UH, YOU KNOW.
I'M SURE THAT HAD VERY
LITTLE TO DO WITH IT.
YEAH...I GUESS SO.
WELL, HE WAS ALWAYS NICE
TO YOU, SY, RIGHT?
I SUPPOSE.
RIGHT, I KNOW!
I LOVE MILK,
BUT STILL...
BUT STILL WHAT, SYRUS?
JUST BECAUSE IT'S EXPIRED...
DOESN'T MEAN IT'S NOT
DELICIOUS.
NOW GRAB A FORK
AND ENJOY YOURSELF!
OKAY...SO HE'D ACT
A BIT WEIRD SOMETIMES.
WEIRD? I'LL TELL
YOU WHAT'S WEIRD!
STOP IT!
I DON'T LIKE CARROTS!
BUT OF COURSE YOU DO, CHAZZ!
AND THERE'S NO
NEED TO THANK ME!
YOU CAN SIMPLY
REPAY ME LATER,
YES, BY GIVING ME
YOUR DESSERT!
HE SURE WAS SHIFTY
SOMETIMES.
IT'S TRUE.
LIKE WHEN HE TRIED TO
TEACH ME HOW TO SWIM.
I JUST ENDED UP SPEARING
FISH FOR HIS DINNER!
YEAH, I GUESS HE KINDA
HAD TWO SIDES TO HIM.
BUT THAT DOESN'T MAKE
HIM A BAD PERSON.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YEAH. GUESS THAT'S WHY
WE'RE LOOKING FOR HIM.
Syrus: YEP!
AND WE SHOULD PROBABLY
GET BACK TO IT.
RIGHT GUYS?
SERIOUSLY--BREAK
TIME'S OVER!
LET'S GO...
All: AND FIND BANNER!
[MEOW]
PHARAOH?
IT CAME FROM OVER HERE!
Jaden: PHARAOH!?
Syrus: HERE KITTY!
Chumley: COME HERE, CAT!!
Chazz: PHARAOH!
SHE'S CLOSE!
QUICK GUYS,
LET'S SPREAD OUT,
THIS COULD BE
OUR ONLY CHANCE!
RIGHT!
LET'S GO!
Chazz: PHARAOH!
WHERE ARE YOU?!
KITTY?!
COME OUT!
SOMETHING'S WRONG!
I'M SCARED!
YEAH, WELL, WHAT'S NEW?
LOOK, BOSS!
SOMETHING'S JUST
NOT RIGHT HERE!
OH PLEASE! GET LOST.
[MEOW]
PHARAOH!
WHAT THE--PROFESSOR
BANNER'S GLASSES.
HE'S CLOSE.
MUST BE.
WHOA...
HEY!
THERE'S BANNER'S
NECK TIE, TOO!
AND HIS SHIRT?!
BUT WHERE'S
THE PROFESSOR?!
WHO CARES!
YOU TOOK BANNER!
WELL...I'M GONNA
WIN HIM BACK!
NOW...LET'S GO!
GET 'EM CHAZZ!
WE'RE WITH YA!
THAT'S RIGHT!
All: TIME TO CHAZZ YOU UP!
DUEL!
[MEOW]
I FOUND PHARAOH!
HEY WAY TO GO!
PHARAOH!
WHERE'S YOUR PAL
PROFESSOR BANNER?
[MEOW]
YOU'RE GOING DOWN
SHADOW RIDER!
AND YA KNOW WHY?!
CUZ THE CHAZZ
IS ON THE JOB!!
I SEND DESPAIR
FROM THE DARK
TO THE GRAVE...
AND ACTIVATE
ARMED DRAGON'S ABILITY!
NOW ALL YOUR MONSTERS
WITH EQUAL OR FEWER ATTACK
POINTS...THAN THE MONSTER
THAT I DISCARDED WILL
BE DESTROYED!
GO!
TAKE THEM DOWN!
AND NEXT TURN, I'M GOING
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
SO. ANY LAST WORDS,
SHADOW RIDER...BEFORE
YOU'RE TOAST?
I DO, I NEVER
SHOULD'VE DOUBTED
YOU, BOSS!
CHAZZ! WE FOUND PHARAOH!
WHERE ARE YOU?
CHAZZ, HELLO?!
HE COULDN'T HAVE
GONE FAR...WEIRD.
I KNOW.
SOMETHING'S WRONG.
WE SHOULD'VE
NEVER SPLIT UP.
WHAT THE--
WHAT IS THAT THING?
IT'S THAT MARK...AGAIN.
BUT WHY?
[ROAR]
AAH! AAAH!
YOU HEAR THAT?!
CHAZZ!
JADEN, LOOK
OVER THERE!
[CRYING]
IT'S HIS CARDS!
Jaden: CHAAAAZZ!!!
WHOA!
Syrus: WHAT WAS THAT?
DON'T KNOW...BUT
DEFINITELY NOT A GOOD THING.